Overhaul of dpctl documentation (#1619)
IntelPython/dpctl: docs/doc_sources/user_guides/basic_concepts.rst

.. _user_guide_queues:

Queue
-----

SYCL queue is an entity associated with scheduling computational tasks for execution
on a targeted SYCL device and using some specific SYCL context.

Queue constructor generally requires both to be specified. For platforms that support the
default platform context, a shortcut queue constuctor call that specifies only a device would
use the default platform context associated with the platform given device is a part of.

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: Queues constructed from device instance or filter string that selects it have the same context

   >>> import dpctl
   >>> d = dpctl.SyclDevice("gpu")
   >>> q1 = dpctl.SyclQueue(d)
   >>> q2 = dpctl.SyclQueue("gpu")
   >>> q1.sycl_context == q2.sycl_context, q1.sycl_device == q2.sycl_device
   (True, True)
   >>> q1 == q2
   False

Even through ``q1`` and ``q2`` instances of :class:`dpctl.SyclQueue` target the same device and use the same context
they do not compare equal, since they correspond to two independent scheduling entities.

.. note::

>    :class:`dpctl.tensor.usm_ndarray` objects one associated with ``q1`` and another associated with ``q2``
>    could not be combined in a call to the same function that implementes
>    :ref:`compute-followed-data programming model <dpctl_tensor_compute_follows_data>` in :mod:`dpctl.tensor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`dpctl.tensor.usm_ndarray` objects one associated with ``q1`` and another associated with ``q2``
   could not be combined in a call to the same function that implements
   :ref:`compute-follows-data programming model <dpctl_tensor_compute_follows_data>` in :mod:`dpctl.tensor`.
```
